I’ve always enjoyed my work
and even the people I worked with.
It’s hard to balance work and meetings.
But since I was baptized,
I’ve always done my best to be there.
My wife is a great support,
and we work hard to teach our children.
They’ve been my greatest joy.
I want to make sure that they’re cared for.
I believed that if I worked hard enough,
I’d always be able to provide for my family.
But my boss wanted more
than I was willing to give.
He insisted that I work Sundays
during my meeting.
I needed this job.
My wife and I were worried.
What would happen if I lost it?
I was determined
to take a stand for my meetings.
I spoke to my boss and explained my decision,
but he refused to compromise.
I was shocked.
I didn’t think this was
how it was supposed to go.
How would I support my family?
Paul studied the Bible with me.
We’ve been close ever since.
He invited me out,
and I guess he’d heard
about what happened.
He really listened
as I poured out my concerns.
I wondered if I should have just done
what my boss insisted.
I would have missed my meeting,
but I still could have attended
an evening meeting
at a different congregation.
My skills were limited,
and there just weren’t
that many jobs out there for me.
I told him I was seriously considering a job
that would involve a lot of travel.
Paul read to me from Matthew 6:25-33:
“Stop being anxious about your lives
“as to what you will eat
or what you will drink,
“or about your bodies
as to what you will wear. . . .
“Keep on, then, seeking first the Kingdom
“and his righteousness,
and all these other things
will be added to you.”
He reminded me
that as a newly baptized Witness,
my prayers are much more readily received
and Jehovah was ready to respond.
He encouraged me
to include Jehovah in my decision.
Patience is not easy for me,
but I decided to look to Jehovah
to provide the right job.
So every day I kept looking.
But work never came.
I never thought
that it would go on so long.
Eventually, I had to go
on unemployment insurance
so we could get by.
I knew that I was doing the right thing,
but I couldn’t help feeling
that I was letting my family down.
One night, I was reminded of Jesus’ words
in Matthew chapter 6:
“Observe intently the birds of heaven;
“they do not sow seed or reap
“or gather into storehouses,
yet your heavenly Father feeds them.
Are you not worth more than they are?”
I realized that I was still relying on myself
and not fully throwing my anxiety on Jehovah.
My skills may be limited,
but Jehovah’s are not.
So I kept on looking,
but I used my extra time
to auxiliary pioneer.
It was just what I needed.
Eventually, Jehovah opened the door
and blessed my patience
with a job that was nearby
with good hours for my meetings.
I even had more time for the ministry
with my family.
It was not an easy experience,
but my faith in Jehovah
was stronger than ever.
I saw him act in my behalf,
and I know that he really does care for me
and my family.